We are reaching the end of the workshops,
this practical web app
design patterns workshop.
So, let's make a quick recap.
So, we talked about what
the design pattern is.
Remember, it's just a recipe,
it's a way to have a common
vocabulary in the community.
So now you know that if I say,
I will implement a singleton,
you know what I'm talking about.
If I'm using a lazy load, you know what
I'm talking about, it's just that.
Remember that it has a problem
that it's trying to solve.
We talk for a solution, and we need
to use them only if this is actually
my problem or our problem, and
it's our context, so the solution works.
We cover classic design patterns in
JavaScript with the to-do masters okay?
We implemented several
classic design patterns,
software design patterns there
to understand why is really,
and remember, we have larger overhead,
so over complexity initially.
But then, after it's done,
we realize that we have a real
good outcome of that,
that we can start adding more actions.
It was actually very simple
to implement the undo.
So, we had a lot of work initially,
applying and
not seeing anything,
just applying abstract ideas.
But then when it's implemented,
it's much better to maintain and scale.
We've seen patterns for single page
applications using coffee masters,
okay, build transitions,
we've covered how to change metadata for
the route in lazy load and others.
Multipage applications, prefetch,
also how to do view transitions
between different HTML documents.
We've covered briefly some ideas,
some patterns on data and
state management,
as well as some other ideas.
That's all I have for you today.
Thank you.
>> Student: [APPLAUSE]